Recursively embedded atom neural network 
=================================================
**1. Introduction:**
___________________________
    Recursive Embedded Atomic Neural Network (REANN) is a physically-inspired neural network framework, in which the orbital coefficients in the original EANN are transmitted iteratively and are considered to depend on the local environment. REANN can formulate a complete description of atomic structure without explicitly calculating high-order correlations, and effectively incorporate non-local effects, validated by numerical results in a various system. This repo preserves the nn potential of this numerical result in this work (Reference 3) with the form of serializable models. The full package used for training will be released soon.

**2. Employ the model**
___________________________________________________
    In this repo, a series of serializable models were generated using TorchScript embedded in PyTorch. Pytorch (or libtorch in c++ production) is required to employ these models. The "test.py" is a script to display how to inference with this serializable model generated by EANN.

**3. Requirements:**
___________________________________
* PyTorch 1.8.1
* opt_einsum 3.2.0

**References:**
1. The original EANN model: Yaolong Zhang, Ce Hu and Bin Jiang *J. Phys. Chem. Lett.* 10, 4962-4967 (2019).
2. The EANN model for dipole/transition dipole/polarizability: Yaolong Zhang  Sheng Ye, Jinxiao Zhang, Jun Jiang and Bin Jiang *J. Phys. Chem. B*  124, 7284–7290 (2020).
3. The REANN model: Yaolong Zhang, Junfan xia and Bin Jiang *arXiv:2106.08245*

